Update value shared topic (#7676)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/DataExpressionMixin/1 Configuration/value.md

Specifies the currently selected value. May be an object if [dataSource](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/dataSource.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#dataSource') contains objects, the store [key](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/Store/1%20Configuration/key.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ArrayStore/Configuration/#key') is specified, and [valueExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/valueExpr.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#valueExpr') is not set.

---

> When [dataSource](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/dataSource.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#dataSource') contains objects, you should define [valueExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/valueExpr.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#valueExpr') to correctly identify data items. If **valueExpr** is not specified, the component compares object references to display a value, not object values. For instance, if you define **value** as an identical object to **dataSource** to select all items, the component displays nothing.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "define **value** _as an identical object_ to **dataSource**"?

Author: An object that has the exact same values. Maybe something like "as an object containing identical values to **dataSource**" is more clear? I think we can also make a couple of other minor changes here to avoid repeating "value" too much:
```suggestion
When [dataSource](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/dataSource.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#dataSource') contains objects, you should define [valueExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/valueExpr.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#valueExpr') to correctly identify data items. If **valueExpr** is not specified, the component compares object references to display an item, not object values. For instance, if you define the **value** property as an object containing identical values to **dataSource** to select all items, the component displays nothing.
```

Reviewer: Thank you.
